AnimatedSkyApp/README.md, before:

# Animations with Sky Segmentation

[ ![Codeship Status for fritzlabs/fritz-sdk-android](https://app.codeship.com/projects/c74152e0-65d1-0136-2d69-32e87736c6c6/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/297281)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@fritzlabs-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/fritzlabs)

In this app, we create a simple photo app to replace the sky with an animation.

![](images/skyani.gif)

This example app uses the on-device Image Segmentation API with the Sky Segmentation Model for Android.

- [Overview](https://www.fritz.ai/features/image-segmentation.html)
- [Documentation](https://docs.fritz.ai/develop/vision/image-segmentation/android.html)

## Requirements

- Android Studio 3.2 or above
- Android device in developer model (USB debugging enabled)

## Getting Started

**Step 1: Create a Fritz Account**

In order to use Fritz, please [register for a free account](https://app.fritz.ai/register).

**Step 2: Clone / Fork the fritz-android-tutorials repository and open the AnimatedSkyApp app in Android Studio**

```
git clone https://github.com/fritzlabs/fritz-android-tutorials.git
```

In Android Studio, choose "Open an existing Android Studio project" and select `AnimatedSkyApp`.

**Step 3: Build the Android Studio Project**

Select "Build > Make Project" from the top nav. Download any missing libraries if applicable. This should sync the gradle dependencies so give the build a second to complete.

**Step 4: Install the app onto your device**

With your Android device connected, select `Run > Run App` from the top nav. When running the app for the first time, you'll have to give permissions to access the camera. After the app is installed and running, take a picture outside and watch as we replace the sky with an animated image.

## Official Documentation

[SDK Documentation](https://docs.fritz.ai/)

[Android API Docs](https://docs.fritz.ai/android/latest/index.html)

## Help

For any questions or issues, you can:

- Submit an issue on this repo
- Go to our [Help Center](https://docs.fritz.ai/help-center/index.html)
- Message us directly in [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/heartbeat-by-fritz/shared_invite/enQtNTY5NDM2MTQwMTgwLTAyODE3MmQzZjU2NWE5MDNmYTgwM2E1MjU5Y2Y2NmI2YTlkMTMwZTAwYTAwMzQ5NzQ2NDBhZjhmYjU2YWY3OGU)

Commit message:

Updating README
adding fritz, community, and help

AnimatedSkyApp/README.md, after:

# Animations with Sky Segmentation

[ ![Codeship Status for fritzlabs/fritz-sdk-android](https://app.codeship.com/projects/c74152e0-65d1-0136-2d69-32e87736c6c6/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/297281)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@fritzlabs-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/fritzlabs)

In this app, we create a simple photo app to replace the sky with an animation.

![](images/skyani.gif)

This example app uses the on-device Image Segmentation API with the Sky Segmentation Model for Android.

- [Overview](https://www.fritz.ai/features/image-segmentation.html)
- [Documentation](https://docs.fritz.ai/develop/vision/image-segmentation/android.html)

## Fritz AI

Fritz AI helps you teach your applications how to see, hear, feel, think, and sense. Create ML-powered features in your mobile apps for both Android and iOS. Start with our ready-to-use feature APIs or connect and deploy your own custom models.

[Sign up](https://app.fritz.ai/register) for an account on Fritz AI in order to get started with machine learning in your apps.

## Requirements

- Android Studio 3.2 or above
- Android device in developer model (USB debugging enabled)

## Getting Started

**Step 1: Create a Fritz Account**

In order to use Fritz, please [register for a free account](https://app.fritz.ai/register).

**Step 2: Clone / Fork the fritz-android-tutorials repository and open the AnimatedSkyApp app in Android Studio**

```
git clone https://github.com/fritzlabs/fritz-android-tutorials.git
```

In Android Studio, choose "Open an existing Android Studio project" and select `AnimatedSkyApp`.

**Step 3: Build the Android Studio Project**

Select "Build > Make Project" from the top nav. Download any missing libraries if applicable. This should sync the gradle dependencies so give the build a second to complete.

**Step 4: Install the app onto your device**

With your Android device connected, select `Run > Run App` from the top nav. When running the app for the first time, you'll have to give permissions to access the camera. After the app is installed and running, take a picture outside and watch as we replace the sky with an animated image.

## Official Documentation

[SDK Documentation](https://docs.fritz.ai/)

[Android API Docs](https://docs.fritz.ai/android/latest/index.html)

## Join the community

[Heartbeat](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=fritz-models) is a community of developers interested in the intersection of mobile and machine learning. [Chat with us in Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/heartbeat-by-fritz/shared_invite/enQtMzY5OTM1MzgyODIzLTZhNTFjYmRiODU0NjZjNjJlOGRjYzI2OTIwY2M4YTBiNjM1ODU1ZmU3Y2Q2MmMzMmI2ZTIzZjQ1ZWI3NzBkZGU) and stay up to date on the latest mobile ML news with our [Newsletter](https://mobileml.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=de53bead690affb8e9a21de8f&id=68acb5c0fd).

## Help

For any questions or issues, you can:
- Submit an issue on this repo
- Go to our [Help Center](https://docs.fritz.ai/help-center/index.html)
- Message us directly in [Slack](https://heartbeat-by-fritz.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtNTY5NDM2MTQwMTgwLTAyODE3MmQzZjU2NWE5MDNmYTgwM2E1MjU5Y2Y2NmI2YTlkMTMwZTAwYTAwMzQ5NzQ2NDBhZjhmYjU2YWY3OGU)
