README.md, before:

# Android Tutorials by Fritz

[ ![Codeship Status for fritzlabs/fritz-sdk-android](https://app.codeship.com/projects/c74152e0-65d1-0136-2d69-32e87736c6c6/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/297281)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@fritzlabs-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/fritzlabs)

Fritz is the machine learning platform for iOS and Android developers. Teach your mobile apps to to see, hear, sense, and think.

There are 2 sample apps to help get you get started with the SDK:

- Fritz demo app - Our kitchen sink project showcases the on-device Vision API and Custom Model usage
- Live Video Skeleton app - Use our lightweight camera app to quickly get started with ML features

Choose an app and run it in Android Studio.

Download our Demo App:
Heartbeat By Fritz is also available on the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ai.fritz.heartbeat)

## Official Tutorials

For the full app code, go in tutorials and then select the appropriate app:

- [Building a Pet Monitor with Object Detection](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-guide-to-object-detection-with-fritz-build-a-pet-monitoring-app-in-android-with-machine-learning-a8ed500978e5)
- [Style Transfer for Android - Transform your photos and videos into masterpieces](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/real-time-style-transfer-for-android-6a9d238dfdb5)

## SDK version

- Uses the Android SDK 3.0.2.

## For questions on how to use the demos, contact us:

- [Slack](https://heartbeat-by-fritz.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtMzY5OTM1MzgyODIzLTZhNTFjYmRiODU0NjZjNjJlOGRjYzI2OTIwY2M4YTBiNjM1ODU1ZmU3Y2Q2MmMzMmI2ZTIzZjQ1ZWI3NzBkZGU)
- [Help Center](https://docs.fritz.ai/help-center/index.html)

## Setup a Fritz account

[Android SDK instructions](https://docs.fritz.ai/get-started.html#android)

## Documentation

[Fritz Docs Home](https://docs.fritz.ai/)

[Android SDK Reference Docs](https://docs.fritz.ai/android/latest/index.html)

Commit message:

Update the organization of this repo and the READMEs

README.md, after:

# Examples for Android

[ ![Codeship Status for fritzlabs/fritz-sdk-android](https://app.codeship.com/projects/c74152e0-65d1-0136-2d69-32e87736c6c6/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/297281)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@fritzlabs-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/fritzlabs)

Fritz is the machine learning platform for iOS and Android developers. [Sign up for a free account](https://app.fritz.ai/register) to see how you can include machine learning features in your app.

**Vision API: Prebuilt models that you can simply drop into your apps:**

- [Image Segmentation](https://www.fritz.ai/features/image-segmentation.html): Create pixel level masks of different objects in a scene.
- [Image Labeling](https://www.fritz.ai/features/image-labeling.html): Classify different objects in an video or image.
- [Pose Estimation](https://www.fritz.ai/features/pose-estimation.html): Identify and track a person's body position.
- [Object Detection](https://www.fritz.ai/features/object-detection.html): Detect multiple objects and track their location.
- [Style Transfer](https://www.fritz.ai/features/style-transfer.html): Transform photos and videos into artistic masterpieces.

**Custom Models: Deploy, Monitor, and Update your own models:**

We currently support both TensorFlow Lite and TensorFlow Mobile for Android.

- [Analytics and Monitoring](https://www.fritz.ai/features/analytics-monitoring.html): Monitor machine learning models running on-device with Fritz.
- [Model Management](https://www.fritz.ai/features/model-management.html): Iterate on your ML models over-the-air, without having to release your app.
- [Model Protection](https://www.fritz.ai/features/model-protection.html): Use model protection to keep models from being tampered-with or stolen.

## Example Apps

If you are new to Fritz, I'd recommend getting started with our Heartbeat Demo App. You can also install the latest version from the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ai.fritz.heartbeat&hl=en_US):

- Heartbeat Demo App - Our kitchen sink project showcases all on-device Vision APIs and Custom Model usage.
- Camera Boilerplate App - Our lightweight camera app to quickly get started implementing features with the camera.
- Background Replacement App [People Segmentation] - An example app to replace the background of portraits.
- Hair Coloring App [Hair Segmentation] - An example app to replace a user's hair color.
- Pet Monitoring App [Object Detection] - An example app to track dogs and cats with the camera.

## Latest SDK version

- Fritz Android SDK 3.3.1

## Official Documentation

[SDK Documentation](https://docs.fritz.ai/)

[Android API Docs](https://docs.fritz.ai/android/latest/index.html)

## Help

For any questions or issues, you can:

- Submit an issue on this repo
- Go to our [Help Center](https://docs.fritz.ai/help-center/index.html)
- Message us directly in [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/heartbeat-by-fritz/shared_invite/enQtNTY5NDM2MTQwMTgwLTAyODE3MmQzZjU2NWE5MDNmYTgwM2E1MjU5Y2Y2NmI2YTlkMTMwZTAwYTAwMzQ5NzQ2NDBhZjhmYjU2YWY3OGU)
